all right what's up you guys so the
final timberwolves episode we will
advance Kyrie Irving as we saw was the
Finals MVP putting up unbelievable
numbers Kobe Bryant retires Tim Duncan
retires Dirk Nowitzki retires Chris
Anderson Samuel down there Matt Barnes
and Kirk Hinrich I mean you look at
these three and I feel like we're ending
the simmer wolf series at the end of an
era I mean that's that's it like that's
I we picked a great time to finish um
we're obviously not going to do the
offseason for no reason but I just
stopped I just wanted to go through a
little bit of this one last time have
have a proper ending and this is it I
want to thank you guys so much for
getting us to this point it's
unfortunate that Andrew Wiggins who I
know a lot of you guys who's your
favorite player to watch in this serious
oh you can get a chance to play in the
end of the playoffs but we uh we did
great we finished it off that we had
some lucky breaks out there we add some
unbelievable plays out there but really
just a fantastic job all around thank
you guys for watching we will be having
a vote coming up soon ah I won't say
probably ah tomorrow and then all that
votes going on for the new series we
will be having Detroit Pistons videos
for any of you guys we're excited for
the offseason than that ah but yeah so
this is it thank you guys for watching I
beg of you listen to me please anybody
who watched this just for the
Timberwolves just because you like the
Timberwolves and that's the only reason
you watched it if you're still watching
this video at this point next series
will be just as good um I think we
really we took a guard dominated tea
this time around and uh if you look at
that we had six guards ah but i think
that i want to get dominant big man next
summer i think that's important uh we
played it well though i think i think we
played this well we came out with a
championship for the Minnesota
Timberwolves and thank you guys for the
support I'd love to see the same support
if not more somehow on the next series
whatever your team it is but guys thank
you for watching subscribe if you
haven't and for the last time of the
massive Minnesota Timberwolves peace